could play one more spinning go all
right one more spinning go give it to me
again
wow that's a big spin and go holy moly
$2,500 I'm glad we played one more 25 XR
I've never had a 25 X or before this is
a new experience like it's all purple
and pretty let's just win this one
Saturday that would be a pretty slick
way to end the day come on let's just
win this little baby twenty five hundo
holy moly
five seven offsuit if he limps okay
rather if he folds we're going to try a
little bang let's see if he lets me limp
here he might just attack which is not a
crazy play 26 more dude oh then you can
pay 26 more to win 66 we're getting like
two and a half to one hmm that's a
pretty good flop for us here
you're gonna start the check hope my
opponent has a good hand now went from
hoping that he doesn't hoping that he
does my plan is to check call here
that's a great card for us we're gonna
check here on the turn hopefully he has
king queen ace king or has just nothing
and puts pressure on us here got a bet
out here on the river I think I like
Edie e4 okay still not terrible scenario
7 9 offsuit
let's try I'm in raising here see how
this works out for us looks like the
answer is not well and you're gonna win
track and Deuce then we're going to
start here with a limp again I mean I
wonder if he's gonna raise every single
time looks like the answer is no I think
we're going to start here at the bet on
the flop not an amazing situation for us
but maybe he'll fold hmm ace is an
interesting card here think we started
the check he's probably going to check
back I do beat some hands on the river
not a lot but I do be a couple hands
eight nine eight five we're gonna check
and give up because if he has a seven or
six or three he's not going to fold
anyway at this point I mean he could
definitely have eight nine eight five
ten eight ten nine I beat all those
hands I mean if he has a seven he could
play a seven this way but do you get a
six on the river what he got a three
I think if six would just check dude
we're getting three two one
what you got that's how you do right
there dude that's how you do right there
I was just very suspicious I was like
what do you have bro I've got Jack hi
jack hi is a pretty good hand basically
is three-way tie going to 2040 Queen
Jack on the button we have 12 big blinds
I think we just ripped this hand all-in
I mean I could min raise and then fold
but I think that's just not as good
ace 9 let's raise and call JW prodigy if
he shows all right what you got
we're flipping a coin got to dodge some
threes just a three boom baby
all right my friends we're heads up
two-to-one chip lead come on let's just
freaking win ace eight but we make it 88
here and if he shoves I call good luck
to us for the match we have the best
hand got a Dodger ten just a ten boom
baby
oh my god I love playing poker so much